highlights for 2023-02-23 (#1708)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/changes/highlights/2023-02-23.md

---
date: 2023-02-23T11:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending February 23, 2023
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## General

> * Prometheus stability: adjusted VPA settings in [prometheus-meta-operator@v4.21.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/prometheus-meta-operator/releases/tag/v4.21.0) release; this should improve management cluster resources usage and Prometheus servers stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prometheus stability: we have adjusted the VPA settings in [prometheus-meta-operator@v4.21.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/prometheus-meta-operator/releases/tag/v4.21.0) release in order to improve the management cluster resources usage and the general Prometheus stability.
```

> ## Apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Apps

```

## User interfaces

> * Added `Prometheus / Remote Write` dashboard into Grafana [dashboards@v2.22.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/dashboards/releases/tag/v2.22.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have added a new `Prometheus / Remote Write` dashboard into Grafana [dashboards@v2.22.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/dashboards/releases/tag/v2.22.0)
```
